docs: edit timezone during setup (#2015)
libretime/libretime: docs/admin-manual/custom-authentication.md

sidebar_position: 40
---

:::warning

> Since LibreTime v3.0.0-alpha.13, this documentation is out of date, as it rely on the Apache2 web server and the default web server installed by LibreTime is NGINX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since LibreTime v3.0.0-alpha.13, this documentation is out of date, as it relies on the Apache2 web server and the default web server installed by LibreTime is now NGINX.
```
